Updated and fixed model docs and examples. (#685)
nv-morpheus/Morpheus: docs/source/models_and_datasets.md

# Morpheus Models

> Morpheus comes with a number of pretrained models with corresponding training, validation scripts, and datasets. The latest release of these models can be found [here](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models).

Reviewer: This link is good because its explicitly stated as a link to the latest version, but the rest should be relative links so that it matches the current version the user has.

Author: I alluded to it in the symlink discussion, but Sphinx doesn't like relative links in the docs (as far as I could tell). Is there a way to do the relative links that Sphinx won't balk at?

|Model|GPU Mem Req|Description|
|-----|-----------|-----------|

> |[Anomalous Behavior Profiling (ABP)](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#anomalous-behavior-profiling-abp)|2015MiB|This model is an example of a binary classifier to differentiate between anomalous GPU behavior such as crypto mining / GPU malware, and non-anomalous GPU-based workflows (e.g., ML/DL training). The model is an XGBoost model.|

Reviewer: I think we should create a `docs/source/models` directory add a symlink in there to `../../../models/README.md` allowing us to link to that doc as a relative link.

This way we are always directing the reader to the version of that doc for their version.

Author: I thought symlink didn't play nice with Sphinx when it came to relative links? I looked into doing this when I first added the modeling documentation to `docs/source`. That's also why I did the hard-coded links to the model directories.

Reviewer: If you take a look in the `docs/source/examples/abp_nvsmi_detection` dir you will see some symlinks to files in the `examples/abp_nvsmi_detection` dir:
```
$ ls -l
total 0
lrwxrwxrwx 1 dagardner dagardner 53 Mar  6 14:22 pipeline.png -> ../../../../examples/abp_nvsmi_detection/pipeline.png
lrwxrwxrwx 1 dagardner dagardner 50 Mar  6 14:22 README.md -> ../../../../examples/abp_nvsmi_detection/README.md
```

The symlinks *should* work, so long as they are relative, and are checked into git.

> |[Anomalous Behavior Profiling (ABP)](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#anomalous-behavior-profiling-abp)|2015MiB|This model is an example of a binary classifier to differentiate between anomalous GPU behavior such as crypto mining / GPU malware, and non-anomalous GPU-based workflows (e.g., ML/DL training). The model is an XGBoost model.|

Reviewer: We've been discouraged from using Latin abbreviations like "e.g." and "i.e." in favor of spelling out "For example"

> |[Digital Fingerprinting (DFP)](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#digital-fingerprinting-dfp)|4.97MiB|This use case is currently implemented to detect changes in users' behavior that indicate a change from a human to a machine or a machine to a human. The model is an ensemble of an Autoencoder and fast Fourier transform reconstruction.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Digital Fingerprinting (DFP)](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#digital-fingerprinting-dfp)|4.97MiB|This use case is currently implemented to detect changes in a users' behavior that indicates a change from a human to a machine or a machine to a human. The model is an ensemble of an Autoencoder and fast Fourier transform reconstruction.|
```

> |[Fraud Detection](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#fraud-detection)|76.55MiB|This model shows an application of a graph neural network for fraud detection in a credit card transaction graph. A transaction dataset that includes three types of nodes, transaction, client, and merchant nodes is used for modeling. A combination of GraphSAGE along XGBoost is used to identify frauds in the transaction networks.|

Reviewer: Maybe link to these projects?

```suggestion
|[Fraud Detection](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#fraud-detection)|76.55MiB|This model shows an application of a graph neural network for fraud detection in a credit card transaction graph. A transaction dataset that includes three types of nodes, transaction, client, and merchant nodes is used for modeling. A combination of [GraphSAGE](https://snap.stanford.edu/graphsage/) along with [XGBoost](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) is used to identify frauds in the transaction networks.|
```

> |[Flexible Log Parsing](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#flexible-log-parsing)|1612MiB|This model is an example of using Named Entity Recognition (NER) for log parsing, specifically apache web logs.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Flexible Log Parsing](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#flexible-log-parsing)|1612MiB|This model is an example of using Named Entity Recognition (NER) for log parsing, specifically [Apache HTTP Server](https://httpd.apache.org/) logs.|
```

|[Phishing Email Detection](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#phishing-email-detection)|1564MiB|Phishing email detection is a binary classifier differentiating between phishing/spam and non-phishing/spam emails and SMS messages.|

> |[Ransomware Detection Model](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#ransomware-detection-via-appshield)|n/a|This model shows an application of DOCA AppShield to use data from volatile memory to classify processes as ransomware or bengin. This model uses a sliding window over time and feeds derived data into a random forest classifiers of various lengths depending on the amount of data collected.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[Ransomware Detection Model](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#ransomware-detection-via-appshield)|n/a|This model shows an application of [DOCA App Shield](https://docs.nvidia.com/doca/sdk/app-shield-programming-guide/index.html) to use data from volatile memory to classify processes as ransomware or benign. This model uses a sliding window over time and feeds derived data into a random forest classifiers of various lengths depending on the amount of data collected.|
```

Reviewer: I had a question about this sentence:
"This model uses a sliding window over time and feeds derived data into a random forest classifiers of various lengths depending on the amount of data collected."

The "into a" implies a single random forest classifier, but "classifiers of various lengths" implies its plural, not sure which is correct.

|[Root Cause Analysis](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#root-cause-analysis)|1583MiB|Root cause analysis is a binary classifier differentiating between ordinary logs and errors/problems/root causes in the log files.|

> |[Sensitive Information Detection (SID)](https://github.com/nv-morpheus/Morpheus/blob/-/models#sensitive-information-detection-sid)|166.6MiB|SID is a classifier, designed to detect sensitive information (e.g., AWS credentials, GitHub credentials) in unencrypted data. This example model classifies text containing these 10 categories of sensitive information- address, bank account, credit card number, email address, government id number, full name, password, phone number, secret keys, and usernames.|

Reviewer: replace "e.g" with "for example"
